add a note to where the TF project will go so that users know they ca… (#585)
nitrictech/docs: src/pages/reference/providers/terraform.mdx

  generate the Terraform code.
</Note>

This will generate the Terraform code for your Nitric application into a folder named `cdktf.out` that you can inspect before deploying.

> To deploy the application using Terraform, you can navigate into your Terraform stack directory and use the standard Terraform commands:

Reviewer: it can also be configured using the: `outdir` property of their stackfile.

Reviewer 2: maybe say named `cdktf.out` by default (this can be changed via the `outdir` property)
```suggestion
This will generate the Terraform code for your Nitric application into a folder named `cdktf.out` by default. You can change this via the `outdir` property and inspect the code before deploying.

To deploy the application using Terraform, you can navigate into your Terraform stack directory and use the standard Terraform commands:
```
